Linux Australia Event Terms and Conditions (template)
=====================================================

These Terms and Conditions apply to all attendees who have registered for
Linux Australia events.

Registration
------------

Registering for the event does not guarantee your ticket until it has been
paid for in full. So to secure your ticket, pay the registration invoice as
soon as possible.


Security and Credit Cards
-------------------------

All transactions are performed through a payment gateway facility and use SSL
with 128-bit encryption. The facility accepts MasterCard and Visa. All
transactions are performed by the event organisers on behalf of Linux
Australia.

Cancellation Policy
-------------------

Cancellations made prior to <DATE> - any registration fee paid will be
refunded in full.

Cancellations made between <DATE> and <DATE> - incur a 15% cancellation fee,
which will be deducted from any registration fee paid. The balance will be
refunded.

Cancellations made after <DATE> - No refund.

Substitutions
-------------

You may substitute another person, however you must contact us with this
person's details. If you wish to substitute after <DATE> please note that we
will not be able to provide any personalised items.

Privacy Notice
--------------

In the course of registering for the event and related events, personal
information will be collected about attendees such as their name, contact
details, etc. This information is required to facilitate registration to to
the event, for catering requirements, and for organisers or their agents to
contact particular attendees as and when required in respect of the event.
Attendees who do not disclose this personal information will be unable to
complete registration at the event and will therefore not be able to attend.

Personal information will only be disclosed to Linux Australia, and to
Government agencies where organisers believe disclosure is appropriate for
legal compliance and law enforcement; to facilitate court proceedings; to
enforce our terms and conditions; or to protect the rights, property, or
safety of the event, our attendees, or others. Linux Australia will not sell
your personal information to third parties and will not use your personal
information to send promotional material from any of our affiliated partners
and/or sponsors.

As part of the registration process attendees will be asked if they would like
to subscribe to the event Mailing Lists and/or the event Announce Mailing
List. Attendees who subscribe to one or more of these lists will be sent
emails from the event organisers and other subscribers to the Mailing Lists.
If at any time, attendees wish to unsubscribe from any of these Mailing Lists,
please follow the 'how to unsubscribe' directions on the bottom of any message
you receive from these Mailing Lists.

From time to time event organisers update their information and website
practices. Please regularly review this page for the most recent information
about the event privacy practices.

All personal information will be kept private and used only for event
registration purposes, statistics for future events, and convenience for
future event registration.

Network
-------

The event may provide attendees with access to a wired and/or wireless
network. The access to this network is a privilege and not an entitlement, and
must be used appropriately. Inappropriate use includes, but is not limited to:
unlawful activities, interfering with the equipment or network access of
others and not respecting the reasonable expectations of privacy that
attendees have for traffic flowing though the network.

<OPTIONAL>In DATE, any deliberately malicious activities on either the wired
or wireless networks will be grounds for instant dismissal from the conference
(Without reimbursement).

If any attendees use the network inappropriately, then the event organisers
will take any enforcement action they consider appropriate. Enforcement action
includes but is not limited to:

* suspending access to the network
* disconnecting the network permanently
* the alleged offender may be asked to immediately leave the venue and/or will
  be prohibited from continuing to attend the event (without reimbursement)
* the incident may be reported to the Police
* any other measure the event organisers or Linux Australia see fit

Be aware that for security and operational reasons the event organisers may
both monitor and log network traffic.

Audio Visual
------------

Event organisers may provide recordings of talks (audio and/or video) given at
the event. This service is provided on a best-effort basis only. Any
recordings will be released as and when they are ready, which may be some time
after the conclusion of the event, and the recordings may be of varying
quality.

Discrimination and Anti-Social Behaviour
----------------------------------------

Linux Australia is proud to support diverse groups of people in IT,
particularly women, and will not tolerate in any fashion any intimidation,
harassment, and/or any abusive, discriminatory or derogatory behaviour by any
attendees of the event and/or related events.

Examples of these behaviours and measures the event organisers or Linux
Australia may take are set out in the Code of Conduct <LINK>. By registering
for and attending a Linux Australia event, you agree to this Code of Conduct.

Media
-----

There are a limited number of Media Passes available to media personnel. Media
Passes are free of charge, and entitle media personnel to attend the event
with all the entitlements of a Professional registration. Please note, due to
the limited numbers of Media Passes available, all Media Passes will need to
be approved by the event organisers.

Any media attending the event are required to identify themselves as "media"
to attendees prior to speaking on the record with any attendees of the event.
It is the responsibility of the media to introduce themselves to the persons
they wish to interview and to arrange any interviews with those persons. The
event organisers will not make introductions or arrange interviews on behalf
of media.

Students
--------

Students who register for a student ticket (if available) to attend the event
may be required to provide event organisers with proof that they are eligible
for registration as a student, such as providing a valid full time student ID
card.

Alcohol
-------

Liquor licensing laws require persons to be aged 18 years and older before
they can lawfully drink alcohol in Australia. The licensed premises used as
event venues will not serve alcohol to persons 18 years and under. Those
attendees who look under 25 years old, may be required to show identification
such as a Passport (non-Australian driver licences are generally not accepted)
to licensed premises proving they are 18 years old or older.

Those attendees who are younger than 18 years old are required to advise event
organisers of their age, when they register. Those attendees may not be able
to attend all of the associated social events.

Please consume alcohol responsibly. Please note, licensed premises in
Australia are prohibited from selling or supplying alcohol to intoxicated
persons. Please adhere to local liquor laws which are available in most
licensed establishments.

Smoke-free
----------

All event venues including the social event venues are smoke-free. If
attendees wish to smoke during the event and/or related events, they must do
so in signed areas. Please consider others and refrain from smoking directly
outside the venues' entrances.

Health and Safety
-----------------

If you are attending the event as a Keynote Presenter, Speaker, Miniconf
Organiser or Miniconf Presenter, it is your responsibility to ensure that
your talk meets the Health and Safety requirements under Australian law. If
you are unsure about what this means, please contact the event organisers.

Immigration/Entry Requirements
------------------------------

Anyone who lives outside Australia will need a passport and may require a visa
to gain entry into Australia. Please contact your local Australian Embassy
department to determine your travel needs. You should take into account the
Cancellation Policy above and do this well in advance of the event.

Where a letter of invitation is required, one will be issued by event
organisers for Keynote Presenters and Speakers or Miniconf Organisers whose
submissions have been accepted  only.
